solve "Int64 with null value mangles large-ish integers" problem (#30282)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- Bug in :class:`arrays.PandasArray` when setting a scalar string (:issue:`28118`, :issue:`28150`).
- Bug where nullable integers could not be compared to strings (:issue:`28930`)
- Bug where :class:`DataFrame` constructor raised ValueError with list-like data and ``dtype`` specified (:issue:`30280`)

> - Bug in creating nullable integer Series while using large-ish integers with ``NaN`` values (:issue:`30268`)

Reviewer: use double back quotes around Series

> - Bug in :func:`arrays.integer.coerce_to_array` while using large-ish integers with ``NaN`` values in ``pd.Series`` (:issue:`30268`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bug in creating nullable integer Series while using large-ish integers with ``NaN`` values (:issue:`30268`)
```

(the `arrays.integer.coerce_to_array` is not public so shouldn't be mentioned in the whatsnew docs)

- Bug in :class:`arrays.PandasArray` when setting a scalar string (:issue:`28118`, :issue:`28150`).
- Bug where nullable integers could not be compared to strings (:issue:`28930`)
- Bug where :class:`DataFrame` constructor raised ``ValueError`` with list-like data and ``dtype`` specified (:issue:`30280`)

> - Bug in creating nullable integer ``Series`` while using large-ish integers with ``NaN`` values (:issue:`30268`)

Reviewer 3: Can you move to 1.1 at this point?

Author: Done
